a base concealer helps to even out skin
tone cover up dark spots under-eye
circles redness wrinkles puffed eyes and
even blemishes overall it gives a bright
fresh look to the facial skin
conventional concealers usually contain
toxic ingredients that can be harmful
for your health these toxic substances
can cause allergies and skin damage
hence it's always better to use natural
concealers that are free from all these
harmful substances let us show you some
quick recipes to make a base concealer
at home we will make a liquid concealer
using essential oils and aloe vera gel
that helps to shrink the open pores take
two teaspoons of natural homemade
foundation add 1 TSP of aloe vera gel
add 2 to 3 drops of jojoba oil add 2 to
3 drops of sandalwood essential oil add
1 TSP of water mix it well you can store
this in the refrigerator the liquid
concealers are easy to apply and blend
properly
now we will show you a concealer that is
very easy to make at home
take one teaspoon of homemade natural
moisturizer add 1/4 teaspoon of who made
blush add one tablespoon of water mix
this well you may apply this concealer
with the help of your fingers so you can
spread it evenly
avoid using concealer over powder
foundation it is best to use a concealer
that is one or two shades lighter than
your skin tone avoid using a liquid
concealer with a matte finish if you
have dry skin it may emphasize the
dryness take care hi hope you liked the
video write in your comments below and
let us know what you think do subscribe
to homemade are to stay updated with our
new videos and to join our nature loving
user community I will see you again soon
till then take care for more such
natural home remedies visit w-w-w my
calm